At the end of trade, the Prague Stock Exchange tumbled into negative
After the fall of Tuesday morning, the Prague Stock Exchange corrected its losses.
Transactions with CEZ shares reached almost half of the normal daily trading.
Tuesday at the start of trading, the Prague Stock Exchange with its renewed his fall the previous day, when lost almost six percent.
This time, the decline was due to the fall of Wall Street shares.
The market reaction to the vote of the U.S. House of Representatives, who refused to adopt the plan to stabilize the U.S. financial sector is also well visible here.
Asian shares fall
Asian stock markets Tuesday lived a dramatic fall, even if the indices managed, during the day, erasing some of the losses.
The Hang Seng Index of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange lost four per cent during the exchange, but later he erased some losses and reduced down to about 2.5 percent.
The Hang Seng China Enterprises following the movement of Chinese Equity Hong Kong Stock Exchange lost 3.8 percent as markets closed in Shanghai.
The shares of the Sydney Stock Exchange lost more than five percent, but finally we managed to reduce losses to 4.3 percent.
According to the index, the Taiwan Stock Exchange lost 3.6 percent.
"The hesitation about the rescue operation in the U.S. will affect financial markets around the world," remarked Joseph Yam, head of the Hong Kong currency board.
Although Hong Kong is part of China, it sets monetary policy itself, that is to say, regardless of the Chinese central bank.
The interest rates in Hong Kong on the same level as in the United States.
According to the Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd, U.S. lawmakers should quickly resume negotiations and adopt the proposal supports the financial system.
Otherwise, we risk that other countries suffer the consequences.
The bloodshed of U.S. equities
On Monday, the U.S. House of Representatives rejected the project supports the financial system, which it would have had to spend up to 700 billion dollars (about 12 ridges Kc).
Legislators and disowned the call to support the project of President George Bush.
According to Bush, the project will address the major causes of the financial crisis and help stabilize the entire economy.
U.S. stocks lived Monday, bloodshed and major equity indices experienced the largest drop in the last 20 years.
The Dow Jones lost nearly seven percent have experienced a fall of this magnitude for the last time in 1987.
The index already lost during the vote, but when it appeared that the proposal was not adopted, it was in freefall.
Congress gave: the U.S. government can inject $ 700 billion into banks
The leaders of the U.S. Congress and the administration of President George W. Bush agreed on a broader form of financial aid agreement to the U.S. financial system.
It will be submitted to a vote early next week.
U.S. lawmakers ran a turning point in the negotiations on the adoption of a bailout in the form of financial assistance amounting to $ 700 billion (about 12 billion crowns), granted the U.S. financial system .
Success does not mean safe.
Indeed, before they release the final version of the bill and submit it to the vote, the Congressmans must complete a number of details of the agreement.
The plan supports the financial system will be discussed Monday at the House of Representatives.
Told Reuters on Sunday Barney Frank, the chairman of the Banking and Financial Regulation of the House.
According to sources, on Wednesday at the earliest, the plan should a priori be voted on in the Senate.
According to economists, the announcement that the rescue plan will be adopted should be a first major psychological factor to revive financial markets.
However, given the complexity of the mechanisms through which market support to be effective, follow a "disappointment."
Paulson: The plan must be effective
"We have made great progress.
We set our differing views on the form should have the package of measures to stabilize the market, "Bloomberg told the Agency Democrat Nancy Pelosi.
She said the final vote could take place as early as Sunday.
In the night from Saturday to Sunday, representatives of legislators met the U.S. Secretary of Finance Henry Paulson, to give the government fund a final form.
It should redeem from financial companies, real estate unmarketable assets that lead financial firms in considerable losses and threaten the stability of the entire system.
"We are about to agree on a plan that will work and should be also effective on the market.
We must also continue the recovery plan market, but I think we are, "said Paulson.
A signal for Asian trade
The global financial crisis had a significant impact on the equity markets fall.
According to Democratic Senator Harry Reid does évadiez, legislators are so Congress will lead to a final agreement on Sunday.
They want and calm investors before the start of trading on Asian financial markets, which are located in the first time zone where the Congress decision could affect trade Monday.
But for now, it is impossible to say with certainty when the two Houses of Congress will proceed to a vote, or if negotiations are not likely to get stuck at the last moment, by this or that problem.
Lawmakers hope it will be adopted in the coming days.
Nevertheless, the law still experience many changes.
The total amount for using the system should be divided into two parts.
The first $ 350 billion, as desired by President George Bush, should be available as soon as possible.
But if Congress has the impression that the program does not fulfill its function, it has the ability to block the granting of the remaining amount, following two steps: first an additional 100 billion dollars, and then, finally, $ 350 billion.
Bush hailed progress in negotiations
Although the president can put his veto this decision, the Congress, he has the opportunity to put this one in the minority.
Despite these changes, the main idea of ​​the program, which was to obtain finance for the purchase of bad real estate securities, whose value dropped, because hundreds of thousands of Americans are unable to pay their mortgages, was maintained.
"All the work is done.
The House of Representatives should be able to do Sunday to vote on the law, and the Senate Monday, "stated Republican Senator Judd Gregg.
U.S. President George Bush himself is pleased with the progress in the negotiations.
His spokesman Tony Fratto said that Bush was pleased with the progress made on Saturday and appreciated the "bipartisan effort to stabilize our financial markets and protect our economy."
Limitation of golden parachutes
The President of the Senate Banking Committee Christopher Dodd, chief negotiator, said that lawmakers have agreed for the financial program, contributing protection against losses, the agreement breaks the implementation of the plan on the time axis.
The new law also said plans to limit golden parachutes for directors of companies participating in the program and set up a committee that will oversee the fund.
It should be managed by the Ministry of Finance.
"We worked very hard on this issue and have made significant progress towards an agreement that will work and be effective for the market and for all Americans," said Paulson.
The plan also provides assistance to homeowners who have problems paying.
The government should negotiate new installments in the case of mortgages it will buy, while reducing monthly debtors and allowing them to keep their homes.
Marek: A psychological
According to the chief economist at Patria Finance David Marek, the proposed plan is a good idea, but its implementation will be very difficult.
"And this is because we do not know what the mechanism and the price of buying assets from problems.
This will be determinative of the loss sharing between the financial sector and the government, "said Marek, this week, the server iHNed.cz.
If the plan is adopted now, or early next week, is, according to Marek, not that important.
"It is much more important than Congressmans agree, this week, they support the plan and they devote as soon as possible.
The psychological significance of the agreement, providing for the adoption of the plan, the most important right now, "emphasized Marek.
A fight in the extreme: MP3 Players against mobile.
We will advise you how to choose
While virtually all mobile read MP3 files, MP3 player knows no call.
It seems clear that the result is better to buy a phone only.
Still there are enough reasons to obtain an independent player.
The choice depends entirely on the method of use and the requirements of the future owner.
It would be absurd to buy an expensive home gramophone upscale to put the new album Maxim Turbulenc.
On the one hand, these music products do not come out on vinyl record, and in terms of quality, there is no objective reason for that to happen.
However, if in your shelves crammed vinyl, with art rock, jazz or blues, you probably dream at least such a gramophone.
It is the same music for travel, namely compressed music to tell a simplified way - music in MP3.
Again, there are categories based on price and quality.
For one, it may be unacceptable to spend eight thousand crowns for a drive, the same way a fan of Pink Floyd would be hard to bear headphones bought for twenty crowns market.
These are two extremes, between which there is enough room for everyone.
The choice is wide.
The life of the batteries is also decisive
Some readers of premium music are capable of a lot more than a simple music playback, but this is of unknown function, of course, the most mobile.
No current device is as universal as the telephone.
Besides the primary functions, phone calls and sending SMS, it is able to play music and movies, save them, it has a camera of variable quality and may, for example, until to be used for navigation.
And if we take into account smartphones and communicators, you will have in your pocket a small computer.
Since no one knows fridge grill meat and no TV will take photographs, we see almost a miracle.
However, the universality of the mobile is not without drawbacks.
The more features you use, the greater the interval between charges will be reduced.
And reading music is one of the largest energy hogs.
Are few mobiles that are capable of playing music for ten to twelve hours, in most cases, this figure is much lower.
In this regard, music players (especially the most basic) are significantly more efficient.
In the case of mobile cheap, expect they will play music for a few hours.
If, in addition, you happen to call from time to time, get to be sure, a second charge for the job - this is true even for the more expensive units.
If problem does not arise for MP3 players, which are able, after a reloading, continuous operation of at least 9 hours, including underperforming.
Another problem occurs when recording music in the mobile.
Unfortunately, only a limited part of the equipment has a universal USB connector, especially since not all of them can be connected directly to the computer without special software.
One can, of course, record music directly on the memory card, but few card readers know to do it without reduction, given the tiny size of the memory cards used in mobile phones.
Regarding the players, you do not need, without exception (iPod), any software.
Simply fill through the USB connector, the music device from the computer.
Most mobile and readers will create a classified after the name of the artist, album title, style, or when in the judgment of the user library media themselves.
Some devices display an index with a tree structure, like the Windows Explorer, others are capable of two (iriver, Samsung, Sony, Cowon, smartphones with operating system).
Readers are easier to handle, mobile have more expertise
In selecting a specific device, you most interested in the life of the battery, the memory capacity, quality and type of sound output and, of course, ease of control.
If music is for you, essentially, a noise in the day and if you listen to that for a limited time, for example by taking the tram, just any mobile reading MP3.
Almost all mobiles are now able.
You do not even have to do too much attention to the music formats the mobile or the reader is able to read.
All come to play MP3 and the vast majority of the music that will be sent to you exactly what format.
It is one of the most popular formats and share it, the vast majority of devices also happens to play music WMA format.
The AAC (the format used by Apple company and iPods), meanwhile, is less common.
The high end mobiles also allow, for example, buying music online.
Just visit from the mobile phone, the corresponding web pages of the operator (or those of another supplier) and buy the song or album in question.
This service alone should be a compelling reason to get a musical mobile.
The offer operators unfortunately miserable and it is limited in most cases to radio tubes fast facts.
The prices are not the lowest.
Nevertheless, it is generally considered that this way of buying music (either GSM, internet, or even wireless internet) dominate the music industry in the future.
Most people are always on their mobile home.
Whenever you want to listen to something, you just get the mobile out of your pocket while you forget your MP3 player at home.
However, it is also important if you are still on your headphones or handsfree with a connection.
If this is not the case, you can use the built-in speakers that have virtually all phones, but a minimum of MP3 players.
For many, the main advantage of mobile music is their price.
Cheapest normally cost less than three miles.
For a price of four thousand three crowns, one can have a walkman already very suitable.
However, in most cases, you will be limited by the lack of output for ordinary headphones.
The price of the best phones and better equipped, also provided an input for ordinary headphones, does not exceed fifteen thousand.
Readers, by cons, have the advantage of having an easy drive.
Really anyone happens to ensure the control of the most basic drives - which does not necessarily correspond to the least expensive (see our choice).
A minimum of functions, and the similarity of the order with that of a cassette station, commonly used in the past, or a gramophone, is obvious.
There is no risk of collision as a mobile internet connected by chance, followed by transmission of a huge bill data.
Choose which device
Even the least expensive mobile (eg. 527 The Vodafone) usually has a slot for memory cards exchangeable (type M2, microSD, and so on).
Even taking into account the additional purchase of such a card, you will not exceed two thousand crowns.
But be careful.
The basic models do not support the principle that cards with a maximum capacity of 2 GB.
Only the most expensive fare even with memory cards of 8 GB.
If you already have a mobile phone and want to still buy a cheap MP3 player, take a Cowon, Creative one, a Sony, a Samsung, a Emgeton, or an iriver.
Depending on the capacity (max. 2 GB), you should not spend more than 1100 crowns.
If you are one of the most demanding listeners choose rather specialized mobile-walkman (Sony Ericsson, Nokia and some Samsung).
These devices are equipped with independent control keys for MP3, and thus the ease of control is similar to that of an independent MP3 player.
Sony Ericsson, the mobile of Walkman series have the same user menu as MP3 players sold separately, is the one who went furthest in this area.
The same service in the same price category, but with a memory capacity (up to 16 GB) and a life of the battery (usually 15 hours to 35 hours) above, is provided by a MP3 player produced by one of the brands mentioned above.
A first virtual operator win the Czech Republic this year itself.
Perhaps
The mobile market in the Czech Republic is relatively advanced, our operators offering almost the same services as their partners in Western Europe.
Despite this, we still lack something - a virtual operator, which would force traditional operators to lower prices.
It may not fail for a long time.
We have already mentioned repeatedly on Mobil.cz that Czech operators are among the most expensive in Europe.
The CTU (Czech Telecommunications Office), who reported that the price of an SMS was higher for us than in the rest of the Union, has confirmed.
Thus, following the last steps of the European Commission in the field of regulation of roaming charges, a paradoxical situation may occur - SMS sent from abroad will be for some customers cheaper Czech mobile operators that the country.
How is it possible that prices in the Czech Republic remain so high in comparison with Europe?
The answer is simple, there is no competition that would really get into the fight.
This may seem paradoxical, since we have still three mobile networks and penetration far beyond 100%.
Instead, mobile operators like to complain that the Czech market is extremely concurrenciez.
In this, Pavel Dvorak, President of the Council of the Czech Telecommunication Office (CTU), which has repeatedly said that the Czech Republic there was no room for another operator, chimed in with the operators.
It is probably true that classical operator with its own network apparently have much luck (by the way, now, he would find it difficult frequencies).
However, there is still a possibility - a virtual operator.
It is precisely the entry of virtual operators in the mobile market which resulted in a significant drop in prices, which were subsequently also react conventional operators.
Yet even before the entry of spoilers such as Tesco Mobile and Virgin Mobile on the market, similar to those we hear today among us suggested in Britain voice.
However, it appeared that there was still room for such operators and could be a real success.
We are also not required to have to look too far to find examples.
In February we reported the launch in Poland, the virtual operator Mobilking.
In just six months, the bank managed to win more than 100 thousand customers and become the fifth operator in the country.
Add that behind the Mobilking there Penta financial group, which has among others the U: fon Czech Republic.
The advantage of virtual operators is the ability to focus on a more specific target group.
For that to function effectively, they indeed need a lot fewer customers than a traditional operator.
They are, in effect, free of charges for construction, operation and maintains the mobile network, relatively high.
Thus in the world, virtual operators are emerging as low-cost operators - they offer calls and cheap SMS, which is often offset by a limited supply of services.
Eg Tesco Mobile offers, Great Britain, SMS at least two times cheaper than its competitors.
However, as the example of Mobilking Poland, rely on an unusual target group can also be a good publicity stunt.
Indeed, this operator is specifically men.
"Real men choose Mobilking - an operator who they like and whom they can trust," said David Seibert, CEO of Mobile Entertainment Company, which operates the virtual operator.
It is hard to say, if such a concept would be likely to also walk home.
Miroslav Cepicky 'spokesman Vodafone doubt: "The Czech market is relatively small for a segmental approach, which is based on the most virtual operators.
Especially since it is relatively saturated in terms of service delivery. "
Czech Republic, no chance, say the mobile operators
Nevertheless, it seems almost certain that it will be a virtual operator in the Czech Republic, it will not Mobilking.
"We discuss the expansion of this successful project, but negotiations in the Czech Republic are not very promoters.
The launch of Mobilking will rather take place in other countries in our region, "said in a telephone talks to Jana Mobil.cz Studnicková, spokesman for the financial group Penta.
It has indirectly confirmed that the operators in the Czech Republic were, in any case, not in favor of this idea.
Instead, they try to do everything possible for a potential competitor could not be produced.
The group GTS Novera, which would go a step further and to become a real competitor Telefonika in the field of business customers, do not hide long enough, its intention to launch a mobile virtual network operator.
"We are keen to be able to offer our customers not only fixed telecommunication services but also mobile.
And the sooner the better.
We have already held talks about this possibility several times with all Czech mobile operators.
With some, we were able to progress in the negotiations, "said the spokesman Pavel Kaidl group.
The future is perhaps promising.
According to unofficial information, it seems that we might be able to host the first virtual operator already by the end of the year.
But for now, its creation is accompanied by total silence.
"Right now, we do not believe that there is room on the Czech market for a virtual operator as such.
The Czech market is in comparison with other very specific.
For the moment, no subject provided a serious and complex project in this area has not contacted us, "stated Vlastimil Srsen Department Press Telefonika O2, in his statement to Mobil.cz.
Other operators are also related to the specificity of the Czech market.
The spokesman for T-Mobile Martina Kemrová says in a rare agreement with the statement of O2: "We have not registered yet viable and advantageous bilateral project, which could serve as a basis."
And she adds: "It is virtually impossible for a virtual operator appears in the T-Mobile network by the end of the year.
To operate in a limited period of time, we should now have a concrete agreement. "
Vodafone directs his attention instead on completion of requests for its own 3G license.
Miroslav Cepicky 'said against it: "We are open to negotiations with potential virtual operators, especially in the field of infrastructure and shared costs.
This is what we believe means more contributions from the perspective of customers.
The main strategy of Vodafone in this area is finding a partner to establish a common network for a fast mobile internet. "
Responsible authorities: in line with the operators
The approach of mobile operators is easily understandable, the input of another operator would mean increased competition, would led to lower prices and therefore to reduced profits.
What good is therefore to facilitate the achievement of such a competitor?
When it comes to their interests, operators know how to listen as thick as thieves. The baffle accompanying the creation of the U: fon also evidenced.
The apparent greater pressure on the CTU during the creation of the U: fon, was that exerted by T-Mobile.
Evidenced by publicly available information from the web pages of the CTU.
Today, however, the U: fon is ready to serve as an argument for not accepting a virtual operator.
Martina Kemrová noticed about it: "Competition in the mobile market has been more recently enhanced by the entry of a fourth mobile operator.
Given the nature of the mobile market in the Czech Republic, it is clear that the entry of an additional player would submit, and especially its services to high standards. "
But given the attitude of the mobile operators here, the indifference of the Czech regulatory agencies seem disconcerting.
It is however not only the attitude of the CTU, which, unlike Britain and other developed countries, has not, unfortunately, the Czech Republic, the power to intervene in economic competition.
It belongs exclusively to the Office for the Protection of Economic Competition (ÚOHS).
But it passed, deal with this problem, its typical position.
"The entry of a virtual mobile operator on the market would be possible after the conclusion of an agreement between a mobile operator and the virtual operator in question concerning the rental of the necessary infrastructure.
No such agreement has been reached yet, because the supply of potential interest is a priori not shown enough interest to traditional operators, "said in response to our question Kristian Chalupa, Department of External Relations ÚOHS.
A declaration made so do not be surprised by representatives of operators.
But from an office, which must represent the interests of consumers and among other also take care that nobody takes advantage of its market position, such a statement is more than confusing.
Especially since Kristian Chalupa adds: "In other countries, where MVNOs are normally present, we can see that their entry into the market has contributed to a decline in prices of mobile telephone services."
Now push in the direction of an honest functioning of the market and lower prices does not seem part of the interest of ÚOHS.
It is actually shocking is almost touching harmony of the three mobile operators, resulting from their reactions.
The question whether this is really a chance, naturally arises.
Similarly, the price of gasoline strictly identical for all service stations is probably due to chance and hard fought competition.
"The Office has not identified, about, signs of anti-competitive behavior, so it has no reason to intervene in one way or another.
No operator has a dominant position, none has therefore increased corresponding responsibility for his behavior on the market.
The tools needed to open mobile market to MVNOs probably lack even telecommunications regulator, "said in his statement Chaloupa.
The interpretation of the dominant position on the market is one of many points of contention.
Of course, there is a relevant market analysis prepared by the CTU, that telecommunications is the point of view of economic competition, a single market.
None of Czech operators has a dominant position in this market.
However, some law experts offer another vision: that the creation of a virtual operator is possible, obtain, whenever the consent of the network operator.
And mobile operator logically monopoly on its network.
Thus it must play a dominant role in a certain segment of its business role.
But even without accepting this argument, it should be less disturbing for ÚOHS three mobile operators carry visibly in a similar way.
However, complaints from many stakeholders (including the company GTS Novera, already mentioned) show they face in negotiations with all operators, similar constraints.
Put the blame on the CTU is a fairly common trick in communications, whereby the ÚOHS washes his hands of the matter.
We have already encountered this type of attitude in several similar cases.
It has unfortunately failed to pass in the novelization of the Telecommunications Act, recently passed an extension of the powers of CTU in the field of economic competition in telecommunications, although many experts promised improved position.
That representatives ÚOHS should very well know, but their interests are apparently other.
When nobody is looking, it can work
However, the operation of a kind of virtual operators nickname, many in the Czech mobile networks remains unnoticed.
These companies publishing their own price list of mobile telephone services, but these are only public part.
In most cases it is a question of companies dealing with the multi-level marketing.
Particularized of mobile telephone services are proposed for example by Amway, Bohemia Telecom Starlife and many others.
Price lists of these firms are usually able to elected officials.
The trick lies in the fact that the company to the operator of a typical enterprise customer who order a large quantity of SIM cards figure.
As a valued customer, it gets quotations (and other) special.
The problem is that the commercial terms of all Czech mobile operators prohibit such resale.
"If it happened that you mention, it could be a breach of contractual terms that we would consider and that could lead to a judgment of the collaboration with the company in question," answered our question on Martina Kemrová this problem.
Nevertheless, it is quite unlikely that echo such activity is not reached until officials mobile operators.
Especially in the case of the three companies he mentioned may be thousands of customers.
No huge operator, however, did say against such a procedure.
Indeed, the activities of these firms provide their non-negligible profits, and at the same time, as opposed to true virtual operators, they threaten their own with no formal marketing.
Miroslav Cepicky indicates possible problems: "The law allows such speculation, however, the services of these companies are used by a significant percentage of customers.
In addition, they are forced to admit that the SIM card in the phone is not registered under their name, they therefore can not fully dispose of, like ordinary customers mobile operators. "
But it is precisely this which should seem strange to CTU.
In addition, there is another question ÚOHS.
If mobile operators condone such a procedure, why do they block the creation of a virtual operator?
It should be added that the ÚOHS has relatively broad powers in order to reveal such activity, and does not wish to settle for explanations of operators, who say they have no idea that this would happen, their contractual terms prohibiting .
When we are no longer the most expensive country
As we have already mentioned several times, the virtual operators entering the mobile market has brought a considerable decline in the price of services.
However, in almost all countries where MVNOs appeared, traditional operators tried, sometimes more, sometimes less, to prevent their creation.
The arguments used by them were virtually the same - too small a market, or too saturated, problems with the quality of services, etc..
But it is precisely at this level that have occurred in developed countries, regulators, not defending the interests of mobile operators, but those of their clients.
Both through formal action by informal pressure, they ended up getting the creation of a first virtual operator, followed by others.
Unfortunately, the Czech regulators treat this issue like a hot potato which is discarded by passing to a nearby target.
Following the experiences we have, we can not escape the impression that the confusion in their skills in these cases is more than profitable.
But do not throw the helve after the hatchet.
If the information are true and slide a virtual operator will soon appear here, the Czech mobile market may be becoming mobile.
If one of the operators accepted the creation of a virtual mobile operator, the ÚOHS can only hardly remain indifferent to rejection (discrimination) and other stakeholders.
And maybe we'll stop calling more expensive than in the rest of Europe.
The new Czech anthem has four new versions.
Choose the best
Listen to the four goals of the new version of the Czech national anthem.
Sunday, on the occasion of the Day of Czech nationality, Prime Minister Mirek Topolánek solemnly presented the new recordings of the national anthem Kde domov mu ˚ d (Where is my home?).
The anthem was again recorded by the orchestra of the National Theatre under the direction of Jirí Belohlávek.
We have four versions - with a male or female solo singing, choir and an interpretation with an instrumental version.
The song is performed by Katerina Knezínková and Adam Plachetka.
Otakar Jeremiás and Jaroslav Krcek are the authors of the hymn arrangements.
You can listen to four new versions on the server iHNed.cz.
Belohlávek considers the Czech national anthem as one of the most beautiful hymns.
As he had previously given to Cesky 'rozhlas (Czech public radio), he chose to interpret the solo versions with young singers and representative voices, which are marked and appreciated.
"From the beginning, I tried to take care that the two singers and the choir have good diction, so that one understands the lyrics they sing simultaneously," he said.
The Czech national anthem will celebrate next year's 175th anniversary.
The song Kde domov mu ˚ j sounds for the first time in 1834 on the boards Estates divadlo (Theatre states) in Fidlovačka (Kermesse cobblers), original piece of Czech Josef Tyl Kajetán, accompanied by the music of Frantisek Skroup.
It became popular and people have spontaneously appropriate.
After creating the Tchécoslaovaquie in 1918, the first verse naturally became part of the national anthem.
He remained one of the seven national symbols even after the establishment of the independent Czech Republic.
How sounds the "new" hymn
Public transport (MHD) introduce Prague Wednesday, the chip in their ticketing system
Wednesday, October 1, 2008 will be recorded in the history of Prazsky 'Dopravní podnik (the Prague Transportation Agency) as the date on which ascend in the subway, trams and the first passenger bus, which, instead of having a paper ticket will have in their pocket, an electronic coupon.
At this moment, it is available for about one hundred thousand people, the owners of the smart card Opencard.
Passengers can purchase a coupon 30 days or 90 days (it will be valid from 1 January 2009) and both to register on their smart card in information and offices Dopravní podnik point (the Agency of Transportation), located in the Muzeum metro stations, Mu ˚ stek, Nádrazí Holesovice Andel Roztyly, Letnany, Kobylisy, Rajská zahrada, Kacerov and Luka.
From yesterday, there is also the possibility to buy the coupons on the internet web pages Dopravní podnik: www.dpp.cz.
More than four hundred people took advantage of the service in the morning.
Those who begin to use the online store can forget permanently counters in subway stations, where they were far trampling impatiently in long queues in order to obtain paper tickets.
In fact, they buy their coupon on the internet and save on their Opencard card in one of the thirteen Mestská knihovna (public libraries).
"In these points contact, there is available to the passenger window with a trained staff that will help interested with the purchase through the Internet and, in addition, save the coupon they bought on their cards," says spokesman Martin Opatrny project '.
Besides the libraries, it is also possible to record electronic coupons on Opencard in vending machines in the lobby of several subway stations.
What distributors like these?
They are red, remind machines compost tickets and the passengers may have already noticed in the metro Roztyly, Budejovická, I. P. Pavlova, Florenc Vltavská.
"Today, the city has five, but by the end of the year, there should be eighties," added Opatrny '.
A PLC control the coupon to the driver's seat
Controllers that will operate from tomorrow, are easy to use.
Simply insert the smart card and coupon Opencard previously purchased will register itself on the map.
Electronic coupons are valid from tomorrow not only in the capital but also in the vicinity of the city.
Namely in suburban trains and bus lines 300 to 499, mainly used by the inhabitants of the towns of Central Bohemia to access capital.
"In the integrated Prazská integrovaná doprava (Prague integrated transport) trains, controllers are equipped with card readers, with which they establish temporary zonal validity of coupons," said the ticket control of Filip Drápal Ropid organization that designs schedules transport Prague.
The suburban buses are equipped with readers integrated into the body of the driver cards.
When boarding it is necessary not only to show the smart card driver, but it is also the place Opencard where indicated on the side of the box.
Thus, the driver checks the validity of the registered coupons.
"If the passenger would need to check the validity of coupons saved, there is nothing easier than to request such information to the driver," Drápal completed.
Passengers who do not take the suburban buses and will not remember the date when the validity of their coupon expires, can rejoin the vending machines initially used to store coupons on the map.
It was there, on the screen of the device that will display information about the validity of their document.
Sudeten demanded a referendum in the U.S.
Sudeten Germans demanded in 1945 that Sumava is integrated in the United States.
This follows a letter deposited in the collections of the Jihoceská vedecká knihovna (Scientific Library of South Bohemia).
If we can not be part of Germany or Austria, we at least want to live under the patronage of the United States of America.
In 1945, some of the Sudeten Germans groups allegedly addressed to the President of the USA with such a desire.
This stems from another letter preserved in a private archive, which is now deposited in the collections of the Jihoceská vedecká knihovna.
Germans Cesky 'Krumlov pray in the letter U.S. President not to allow "Šumavská zupa" (area of ​​forest in southern Bohemia) - annexed by Hitler under the Munich Agreement - is made in Czechoslovakia .
"We understand the situation and want to be really sure that the words proclaiming that American troops are in Germany not as oppressors and enemies, but as liberators," says the letter, signed "People, that the fate the Sumava wishes to heart. "
Since rallying Czechoslovakia is allegedly promising - knowing the Czech national character - that brutality, inconsiderate attitude, misunderstanding, oppression and servitude, the authors of the letter request the President U.S. to take in his hands the protectorate of Sumava for now and forever.
"We can not believe you would give this land to a stranger to us state that oppresses and kills minorities and has contributed nothing to the Allied victory without taking into consideration the opinion of the quarter of a million inhabitants , "is written in the letter.
The alleged reason for the authors can not sign the letter is the fear of vengeance of "Czech oppressors."
If the U.S. president questioned the opinion of Germans Sumava, it would only hold, according to the authors of the letter, a referendum in the region to determine if the people wanted to be part of the USA, or live under the patronage of the United States.
Although the text contained in the letter is, given the current knowledge of the history of post-war seem somewhat naive, some survivors, it illustrates the expectations of the Sudeten Germans at the time.
While the Czech Germans had at least foresee that the issue of the expulsion of the republic lay very few of them admitted such a possibility.
Some expected that the United States and Britain were going to get for a certain type of Sudeten autonomy.
Others believed they simply remain in Czechoslovakia.
The famous Austrian journalist Gustav Chalupa, born in Ceske Budejovice, agrees.
During the war, it was, as a German Ceske Budejovice, joined the navy in the Baltic countries.
When at the end of the war, he was captured by the English and placed in the camp capture the Holstein region, dozens of Czech Germans came to consult so that they learn Czech.
"They believed that once they return home, they would benefit from the Czech" said Chalupa.
None of the captured Germans who lived in Czechoslovakia before the war felt, he said, that, following the Benes Decrees, he would be expelled from the republic.
You do not think - you pay!
An emotional campaign attack drivers
The action the most expensive road safety in the Czech history.
One way to characterize the emotional media campaign that intends to launch on Wednesday, the Ministry of Transport.
The Office of the Minister Ales Řebíček believes it will discourage drivers from dangerous driving behavior.
This campaign cost 150 million appear on television, radio, cinema, internet, but also leaflets.
It should discourage drivers from driving fast and drunk driving.
But also remind them to take the belt before starting.
She especially wants to touch the conscience of young drivers, motorcyclists, pedestrians, not to mention professional drivers.
Which appear in the spots?
Especially personal stories that will attack the emotions.
Also evidenced by the "bloody" slogan throughout the campaign:
You do not think - you pay!
The phrase "You do not think" is written in capital letters on the license plate.
Then, in a pool of blood, there is the phrase "You will pay."
What should symbolize that we can pay life a moment of inattention.
The spots will "haunt" the audience until 2010.
The ministry is inspired by similar campaigns in Anglo-Saxon countries, where you can commonly see images with dramatic images of victims of accidents.
He believes this will reduce the rate of accidents and deaths on Czech roads.
The spots were produced by Euro RSCG.
The strategy of sugar and whip against drivers
"What works with the drivers, the system of sugar and whip.
For them, the sugar is shown, for example, by the fact to save time when red lights.
The whip is the threat of a fine or an accident.
Risks should be recalled drivers, "said Martin Koran, psychologist transport of Na Homolce hospital.
Thus we need information campaigns in the media and especially the negative ads, says the psychologist.
The signs indicating the danger to drivers, according to him, already less effective.
"When a static sign that warns against danger is installed, it will probably soon merge with the environment and the drivers will notice more," pointed Koran.
Olmert would in exchange for peace almost all occupied territories
Ehud Olmert, the Israeli president of the provisional government, ruled in favor of the return of virtually all territories occupied in 1967, thus including the West Bank, East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights in exchange for peace with Palestine and Syria.
He made this statement in an interview published Monday by the daily Yedioth Ahronoth.
"We have to reach an agreement with the Palestinians, which means it will be necessary to make almost all the territories (occupied), if not all," said Olmert daily.
"We will keep a certain percentage of the territory, but we will give the Palestinians a similar percentage (Israeli territory), as without it, peace will not happen," he added.
He admitted that the restitution can include East Jerusalem.
"Anyone who wants security in Jerusalem, and especially does not want tractors and bulldozers crush her feet, as happened to one of my best friends, will relinquish parts of Jerusalem," remarked Olmert referring to two attacks in the city in July, during which several people were killed and dozens injured.
According to the Prime Minister, it will be necessary to find "a special solution for the Temple Mount, sacred and historic sites" located inside the Old City.
"Whoever wishes to maintain Israeli sovereignty over the entire city will be forced to integrate 270 000 Arabs.
It will not work, "he pointed out later.
Retreat from the Golan Heights
Olmert also spoke in favor of the retirement of Israel from the Golan Heights, which is, according to him, an indispensable condition for the conclusion of a peace agreement with Syria.
However, this would also require some effort on the part of Damascus.
"I do not propose to make peace with Syria only on the basis of a retreat from the Golan," he pointed out.
"The Syrians know very well what they will have to give up to get the Golan.
They will have to give up their current relations with Iran, they will have to give up their relationship with Hezbollah (Hezbollah), they will have to give the constant support they give to Hamas terrorism (Hezbollah) to Al-Kaida (terrorist network), as well as that of Jihad (holy war) in Iraq, "the Prime Minister clarified.
Questions that arise after the accident: The stewards in because they are illegal?
The law ignores, walking in a long-distance bus is prohibited
In the context of the tragic accident of the bus company Student Agency near Padua, Italy, the question arises whether the stewards and passengers during the journey can move inside the bus.
"If we wanted to enforce the law strictly and formally, the activity of a steward is contrary to the law on road traffic," said the spokesman of the Ministry of Transport Karel Hanzelka.
The accident, which was lost during a 22 year old hostess, was apparently caused by the driver of a truck that crossed the path of the bus.
The girl was at that time unfortunately sitting next to the driver on the most dangerous of the vehicle seat, although it has at its disposal two other seats.
However, the coach can have an accident or stop abruptly, also when the steward serves coffee or distributes newspapers.
What matters is whether the coach is under the technical sheet with standing room or not.
If this equipment for standing passengers is not approved, passengers must remain seated.
Long distance Student Agency buses do not have standing room, which was confirmed by the aktualne.cz company director Radim Jančura.
"This is an issue that we dealt with the department at the beginning, he forbade any movement of passengers.
Then they canceled and we got that passengers can go to the toilet during the journey, provided they have their own seat, "he revealed his position.
The law ignores the steward
"There is no univocal legal interpretation of the role of steward - no legal requirement not responsible for this role.
On the other hand, no legal requirement does not prohibit the carrier to provide services.
The law on road transport only knows the term Catcher vehicle does not define their rights and duties, "adds more ambiguity spokesman Hanzelka.
Josef Pokorny ', director of the department of vehicular traffic, said, however, that the law sufficiently address the problem.
"Everything depends on whether the coach has in his approval permission to offer standing room.
Everything lies in there, "he said.
Coaches are divided into urban, where there is standing room only and a limited top speed, long distance with standing and permitted higher speeds and long distance bus without standing up with the maximum speed and the highest seats fitted seatbelts.
As the plane, said an expert
Jaroslav Horin, expert BESIP (traffic safety) in transportation security, did not see the movement of the stewards on board as a major problem.
"In a regular flow, there is no danger. Situation can be compared to that service in the aircraft.
Again, it is not sure when to produce turbulence and air hostess can bump your head. "
"However, if the coach would have braked abruptly, the laws of physics would obviously valid.
In the same way that a city bus or a tram.
The carrier must manage security stewards by internal regulations, "he said, and also believes that the point of view of the law, the issue is not resolved.
Jančura is ready to remove these services
Student Agency bus is the only carrier to offer the services of stewards.
He hires two percent.
Even after the accident, the Director does not consider their job as a profession at risk.
"However, as soon as I feel it is a risky business, I sweep away.
Passengers can get their coffee and newspaper boarding.
This would also reduce costs, "he said.
The concern for safety is the reason given for the absence of stewards in its vehicles director of Asiana Alexey Litvin, which provides, in comparison with SA, a very small number of lines.
"We do not have hostesses. We are opposed from the beginning.
Sooner or later it will end in a fatal accident, "he said, a year ago, to Ty'den cz..
A great tragedy happened
A young hostess of the Plzen region, who worked for the company for two years, died in the accident on the line of Naples.
A Slovenian truck probably antiquity the emergency lane without using a turn signal and it blocked the way to the bus.
The driver of the latter to try to avoid using a sudden maneuver, but it was close by his right side.
Jančura refuses the two seats reserved for rest stewards were sold.
"In the case of long distance lines, it is not possible to book these places, they are blocked."
The company has a complaint against the truck driver.
For compensation to the family of the girl, the agency does not wait for the judgment of the court, but in terms of financial compensation, it also relies on the culprit.
A change in the law?
Not to
A change in the law, which is being developed for more than a year by a group of thirty experts from the Department of Transportation, could provide clarification on the movement of stewards on board the bus.
"But it did not lead to any conclusion on this point.
Actually, it is not too interested in the bus, but the points system, the maximum speed on the highway and the use of mobile while driving, "said the expert Horin.
"The Department of Transportation does not consider the activities of stewards as something that would fundamentally threaten the safety of passengers," concluded the spokesman Hanzelka, indicating that the control bus safety is under the power of police and the office for safety.
The hopes of Düsseldorfois based on Frankfurt.
Big words were not lacking in the letter from the Director of WestLB employees home committee.
By a union of the entities of the financial institution in Düsseldorf with the Deka-Bank in Frankfurt, "the central institution of the financial markets of the Sparkasse financial group" could in the mail to be released Monday,.
WestLB bring a "block skill dubbed" sustainable productivity in such a case.
After all, such a relationship could be decisive kick sending to other levels in the banking sector of the Länder.
Here is what it looks like when the Executive Committee wishes to demonstrate its ability to act in difficult times.
For WestLB injured, still is under pressure.
It is not only the Commission but also the Federal Supervisory Authority for Financial Services that, it only recently made it clear to the state government of North Rhineland-Westphalia that time was running out in the search for a future solution.
However, it is matter for some time - also on the side of Frankfurt - a relationship of any kind between the Deka Bank, who knows the customers by Sparkasse their investment funds, and WestLB.
While the head of the Deta-Bank Franz Waas reported in the presentation of figures for the six months late August he saw no sense in merging the house Mainzer Landstrasse with a bank of Land, be it Helaba and WestLB.
However, the Board of Deka, each half is supported by the banks and the Länder and by groups of savings banks, asked the steering committee to conduct talks with WestLB for common business .
Then it could be the speed of the financial market, or parts thereof.
The talks come just begun however, they say in the financial sector.
This is not the first time that Deta-Bank, which, with its 3,000 employees, account for one of the largest employers in the financial center of Frankfurt, comes into play If is question of industry consolidation savings banks.
In 2003 it was believed for a moment that Deta-Bank could merge with Bank of Rhineland Palatinate and Halbab.
Nothing has yet emerged from this ternary bouquet.
Just the plans had they been made public that the government of Hesse was against any participation Hellaba therein.
Subsequently, two other houses either are not rejoignèrent.
Bank of Rhineland Palatinate was attached instead to the bank of Baden-Wuttenberg in Stuttgart.
But there were always new negotiations on the consolidation of the Deka-Bank with banks Länder.
Finally, Günther Merl, Chairman of the Steering Committee Hellaba, however, had decided against any commercial fusion strategy with its bank.
Regardless of this, the feeling seems to be spreading that the combination of different public sector institutions is particularly urgent.
Now that the election to Parliament of Bavaria passed a union with the BayernLB bank of Baden-Wuttenberg could materialize in the first.
For Helaba is not particularly good news.
If the pressure requires further mergers would increase potential partners beyond him gradually.
In the South, it would become a junior partner, although it has so far weathered the crisis better than banks in Munich and Stuttgart.
The group savings and transfers of Hesse-Thuringia, which owns 85 percent of the capital of Helaba fund, on the other hand shot a bolt at the beginning of the year on any union with WestLB.
Remain the rigor NordLB.
Such geo-strategic considerations, however, reflects only one aspect.
Another aspect raises the question of how different business models of each of these banks can match.
In June, Merl said that the decisive question as to what business model with the future ability of banks Länder should be ensured, had not previously been addressed by the German group of savings and cash transfers.
Eventually, a dismemberment of WestLB could take place, butchering that here is obviously not desired.
It is also referred to it in the letter of the Executive Committee in place: in any case, would be covered a `comprehensive solution 'to the institution.
How all this will be put in the same basket with the union of certain entities with Deta-Bank remains to be seen.
The second weekend of Oktoberfest is also known as the weekend of the Italian.
For Elena, it's the first time for Luca already the third or fourth time.
But this time, Elena comes as a girlfriend, and therefore nothing is the same, he said.
Behind them, near a five-liter barrel of beer from the Kaiser brand, is a well-built bearded shows about 200 visitors to the Oktoberfest which sounds deep her throat may occur.
Elena Luca tape first, then kisses her.
Bologna, they came to Verona.
From there, the bus station near the train station Puorta nueva, four buses are leaving tonight at 23:45, `destinazione Monaco, festa della birra 'arrival at 6:30.
Three buses are reserved primarily for Italian in a bus traveling from brésilens exclusively.
In a corner of the parking lot, the South American singing golds already beside their flag, they have already celebrated last night.
And loud, explains Marco Guarda, it is not for the Italians.
The bus belongs to Marco, who wears a long coat lined with faux fur and glasses with large silver mounts.
For five years, they go to the Oktoberfest, already three trips this year alone.
They go at night, stay the day at the party, and go to 22:30.
Y overnight involve unnecessary costs, says Marco.
The trip costs 75 euros, including welcome drink with Kaiser beer brewed according to the Bavarian Purity Law, health insurance and an official of the German speaking group - Marco did a language course in Frankfurt.
And already the buses run at night on the Autostrada towards Brenner `'.
There is no beer, not yet.
Quickly, everything becomes quiet in the bus, passengers sleep.
It's better this way, they will still need their forces.
Breaks will be made in Bressanone, and Holzkirchen, while many other buses with Italian registration plates are once again a little break before Munich on Highway 8.
When in the morning, the group finally arrives Marco at six thirty in the parking lot as planned near Theresa Place, about 50 other buses from all over Europe are already there.
Elena, Luca and other congregate, Marco is a last speech, explains the plan of attack.
Firstly, her hair of the little yellow cap.
Above is written left to Oktoberfest 'in Gothic, and beside the IP address of the travel agency Marco `conoscersiviaggiando.it".
Second: `When the doors of the big beer open, we run 'cries Marco in the early morning.
`Run! ' Running and reserve seats at the back of the tent.
`Not in front, otherwise it crashes, and not all the yellow caps on the same bench, we must divide the room! '
The mug, shouts Marco, costs 8.25 euros.
And do not forget the set!
Show `security guards that we behave well!
Once you leave your seat, they left! "
Third: `Tonight be back here at ten and a half stack! ' Included?
And that's it, let's go to Oktoberfest.
Along the way, someone forges yellow caps trees to find the way to the panels and even an election poster of a large Bavarian People's Party.
It wants to be ready for the return.
This is the second weekend of Oktoberfest, known as the `weekend Italian '.
There are no precise figures, we are talking about 50,000 who set off across the Alps and collapse in the beer stand, 10 percent of visitors would come to express Italy this weekend.
The Munich police is reinforced by seven police officers of South Tyrol, in the Italian volunteer rescuers who support the Bavarian Red Cross which carries a statistic on the country where the Italians are in first place ahead of the UK (60 procedures) and Austria (about 80) with nearly 200 medical interventions.
One that is particularly popular with Italians, it is trying the brewery Hofbräu.
Sleepless nights for the shareholders of Hypo Real Estate
The German banking system is relatively stable, insisted the Federal Minister of Finance a few weeks.
How fortunate that the politician used the word `relatively 'and he slipped the German banking sector would not be spared by the movements of crisis.
This is indeed occurred this weekend.
Financial Real Bavarian Hypo Real Estate (HRE), the DAX side, gets a consortium of German banks a credit of one billion to protect against market turbulence.
A person in the know of the situation told Reuters on Monday that aid funds are awarded to a total of € 35 billion.
The Hypo Real Estate will now pay interest on the portion to which she would have the right.
The money comes from both private banks as public banks.
In the background is the company Depfa girl who bears the losses.
The financial statement was, according to a newspaper article, refinanced short-term for long-term projects for which he had borrowed money - which is no longer possible because of the distrust markets.
In the first half of 2008, the cash reserve of the bank was reduced by 95 percent to € 2.37 million, the rate of equity capital also had weakened slightly from 1.6 to 1.45 percent.
The profits from ongoing and net financial transactions were compared to the same period the previous year, fallen to zero, profits from the allocation of debt securities and fixed and the termination provisions in credit operations fell by more than 70 percent to 5 million.
And it is only thanks to the large profits of cost reimbursement accounting downstream from the restructuring of the former Depfa group, as well as interest payments according to the Book of Tax Procedures and commercial purchases for companies Konzern the deficit gains about 16 percent turned out to be moderate.
After its privatization in 1990, the former financial status had initially speculated badly on industrial property loans, which then were subsidiarised to Aareal Bank.
Because what the classical state funding was not profitable enough, the Depfa was then engaged more intensively in infrastructure projects and financing of joint projects between private investors and state (Privat-Public-Partnership , PPP) and internationally diversified.
On the value of the company-daughter, Hypo Real Estate to provide for depreciation that should have on the calculation of gains and losses of the group an essential material effect still remains unclear.
The fact is that the dividends were cut.
Already in 2007, they were truncated to two-thirds.
Hypo Real Estate, since the acquisition of Depfa, a state investor and infrastructure highly important.
It is stronger than other institutes dependent on refinancing since the inter-bank market has no deposit customers.
With the bankruptcy of the investment bank Lehman Brothers two weeks ago, the allocation of funds between banks has dried up considerably again, banks have accumulated liquidity.
Hypo Real Estate needs annually for a part - about 50 billion euros - of all credits Depfa an average short-term refinancing.
According to a statement of the Hypo Real Estate, the borrowing of the group is covered with medium-term credit and business protected from the influence of international financial markets largely incapable of walking today.
Other sources say that refinancing would be provided with funds by the end of 2009.
The President of the Executive Committee of HRE Georg Funke explained, however, that the Hypo Real Estate Group will no longer have to resort to financial markets in the medium term.
The Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Institution for Financial Services Supervision (BaFin) assume that the ability of the Group Hypo Real market is now assured.
Shareholders and creditors of the bank have more than hope.
However, given the dynamic and weightlessness of the crisis, there is no certainty.
It is also not inconceivable that we should not use the funding to its full extent.
But the opposite can no longer be dismissed.
After that the bank is, according to the latest news, even to the gates of insolvency late Sunday evening, the rescue at least provisionally will fail to reassure rather than spirits.
The share price collapsed by 75 percent to 3.30 euros.
Bond prices, however, are doing particularly well.
While debt primarily have barely budged, the prices of second-ready flex.
Most affected are mainly investment funds of the former Hypo-Württemberg girl and of course those who have a life beyond 2009.
The obligations of the bank Hypo Real Estate previously seemed to be an investment alternative speculation, their value must now be considered as dependent on the stability of the international banking system after the net tightening of the banking crisis and the crisis of the same institute that has brought the crisis in the establishment by the acquisition of Depfa Bank.
As the issuing institutions, governments and less affected commercial banks are still willing to support the system, we can assume a reduction of arrears in time.
Or happen that no hope at the moment - that the financial crisis can be overcome in the next 15 months.
But faced with noise renew a partial nationalization, the probability approaching the safety has now become a mere expectation based.
This book should sleepless nights primarily to long-term creditors on the decision of whether they should be separated from their commitments.
The short-term investors can still use that on which they drew a line to form a loss carry forward for the next year on the next income tax on capital gains in the stock automatically removed.
Sylvana and the secrets of the box Bento
When Sylvana Hiltrop, 16, must be present for the first day at Highschool Tachibana, girls begin to giggle: the German is so "kawaii!"
What does that mean?
Sylvana already knows the word through the Manga - Log in his new trade, she speaks Japanese.
"The first day of school in Japan.
What-I was excited.
Already the way to go to school scared me.
I live on the outskirts of Tokyo towards Kawasaki and I took the train 40 minutes until the Highschool Tachibana.
I can find the way alone, fortunately I am not lost.
The beginning of the course does not seem to be set as strictly as at home in Lower Saxony.
Students appear one after the other from eight o'clock until at eight forty, a round begins with the teacher, "home room."
But before the course starts, it was up to me to introduce myself.
I'm not at all the kind of love speaking in front of people, especially in front of a class of 40 students.
As I had not yet the school uniform, I put an old skirt of my host mother and a shirt, blue knee socks and black leather shoes.
In this outfit so I introduced myself to the desk, and tried everything correctly pronounce 'Sayonara Wo she Sylvana ...' - My name is Silvana, I'm from Germany and my birthday is in a week.
At that time, I was very happy to have started to learn the language well there two years.
The 31 girls in the class all made whispering, chuckled and waved, and I constantly hear the word "Kawaii".
I already knew through my manga.
It belongs to the vocabulary essential to the survival of Japanese teens and means "cute, cabbage."
Then I quickly slipped my place.
The girl next to me gave me a big smirk, she thought it was an honor that the same should sit beside her.
The rest of the time was pretty quiet, but when the bell rang, I was assaulted by the rules.
Everyone spoke to outdo, burst out laughing and asked me many questions - in this case, it is quite difficult to understand the English Japanese.
During the break, then they all got their Bento.
My host mother had also made me kind of Lunchbox - it really is something else than the miserable German snacks.
I had rice with herbs, sausages, cucumber salad and seaweed, fruit and some kind of meat surrounded by Tofu.
Most of the time, I have no idea what exactly I eat here in Japan.
Things have a weird look and a completely new taste.
What is certain is that everything is really good.
Well, except maybe the salty pickled plums, brrrr!
The Bentos are not only lunches in Japanese schools.
Sometimes a girl gives a boy a Bento she prepared herself, and it is prepared especially carefully - in the hope of making a little better knowledge of the boy during the break.
I read it in my manga.
I'm curious if I could also observe here.
"Why Japan in particular?" my friends asked me when I told them I wanted to spend a year at school in Tokyo.
So I always answered:
"Because it fascinates me, what"
Ultimately, reading manga, this is what I prefer for years already.
And to better understand manga and culture found there at a time, I also started to learn Japanese.
For me, it was really clear that I had to travel a day.
Because I also have a weakness for the traditions, habits and customs.
And here they are given much importance.
On the one hand, Japan is the land of technology and the latest trends - on the other hand, it is tough, disciplined and traditional.
And because everything is so well organized, I've never felt lost here, even if Tokyo is the biggest city I've ever seen. "
Rats also have sensations
A rat or a cockroach flee the danger is that, does that mean he also feels fear?
The neurophysicist Joseph LeDoux is convinced that many animals also have feelings.
But how can we check that feel the same way when it acts in the same way as we do?
In the online magazine "Edge", contributions are published for many years by famous scientists.
SPIEGEL ONLINE presents a series of articles in response to the question "What do you think to be true without being able to have proof?"
I believe that animals have feelings and other states of consciousness without me or anyone else has so far been able to prove just as we can not prove that other human beings have consciousness.
But in this case, we can at least hope that all human brains have the same configuration.
When we turn to other species and that we address the issues of feeling or awareness in general, we enter into impassable because the hardware does not match fields.
When a rat is to a danger, it is the same as many other animals: it's dead, fled or attack.
Humans behave the same way, which is why some scientists infer a subjective experience comparable.
However, I do not believe it.
Two aspects of brain structure makes the implementation of our subjective difficult than the animals lived.
One aspect is that the circuits almost always associated with human consciousness include the lateral prefrontal cortex (because of his involvement in the short-term memory and executive functions and performance).
This vast area is much more developed in humans than in other primates and appears to be entirely absent in other beings.

